[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 animated action comedy
Kung Fu Panda 3 so let's get started
the summary relies in part that you've
seen the previous films if you'd like to
see their summaries check out the links
below in the spirit realm
Grand Master Oogway fights an adversary
named Kai before being defeated
moveaway warns Kai that the Dragon
Warrior PO will stop him Kai defeat suit
way and stills his key as he has done
with all the other kung-fu masters in
the realm Kai returns to the mortal rum
to steal the key or energy from PO
meanwhile Master Shifu passes the role
of teacher to PO and the valley a panda
named Li Shan has arrived and it is
revealed that he is posed biological
father the valley is attacked by Jade
statue zombies or jom bees controlled by
Chi and resembling kung-fu masters it is
learned in the past kai and Oogway
traveled to a secret village of pandas
who healed away using their key chi
drained the key from the pandas to
increase his power and Oogway banished
him to the spirit realm to defeat Kai PO
must learned to master key himself li
offers to teach him by going to the
secret panda village once there pose
told he must learn how to relax before
learning key Shifu and the Furious Five
stay behind crane and mantis traveled to
learn that several villages have been
attacked and in his file menu masters
are missing Kai Rives at the Jade Palace
with zombiefied crane and mantis and
destroys it but not before taking the
key of monkey Viper and Shifu Tigers
escapes to warn PO afraid the pandas
prepare to run away li confesses that he
does not know ki and lied so he wouldn't
lose his son again po isolates himself
and trains to confront Kai the villagers
decide to stay PO train son to fight
back using their everyday activities as
their assets
ky rise and since his job is to capture
po but they are held off by the pandas
eventually po Chi engaged in a fight
both get transported to the beyond where
Chi gains the advantage and begins
petrifying po using what they have
learned from po his friends and family
used their key to save him
po becomes a master of ki and creates a
giant dragon figure to overload Kai who
explodes killing him and restoring all
the falling masters normal as well as
transporting them back to the mortal
world
Grand Master Oogway appears to PO and
reveals that po was selected as Dragon
Warrior because of his ancestry from the
ancient pandas he declares po as his
true successor po wields a mystic green
staff to return to the mortal world and
returns with his friends and family to
the valley where they continue
practicing kung-fu and their key so that
was the spoilers for Kung Fu Panda 3 if
you have a film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]
you